‎The release of the revised version
‎of the New World Translation
of the Holy Scriptures
‎in the English language in 2013
‎had a wonderful impact
on the English-speaking world.
‎As Brother Jackson noted,
‎more than 60 years had passed
since the release of the first volume
‎of the New World Translation,
and during that time,
‎the English language had changed as well.
‎During 2017,
‎the revised version
‎of the New World Translation
of the Holy Scriptures
‎has been released
‎in some major European languages,
‎such as Italian (originally released in 1963),
‎Dutch (also originally released in 1963),
‎Greek (originally released in 1997),
‎and Hungarian (originally released in 2000).
‎How do the brothers and sisters feel
‎about the revised New World Translation
in their particular language?
‎The modern language
‎in this revised version of the Bible
‎helps me to understand Bible passages
‎because now it flows better
and is much simpler.
‎This helps me to meditate more
on what I have just read.
‎At Numbers 14:24,
‎Jehovah speaks to Moses.
‎In the older version,
Jehovah says about Caleb
‎that “a different spirit
has proved to be with him.”
‎In the revised version, the verse reads
‎that ‘my servant Caleb thinks differently’
‎—very clear
and doesn’t need further explanation.
‎Psalm 7:9 now says
‎that Jehovah “examines the hearts
‎and the deepest emotions,”
‎whereas previously it said
he examines the ‘hearts and the kidneys.’
‎Now it’s easier to understand.
‎Besides all the aspects of helping to get
‎a better understanding of God’s Word,
‎why are brothers and sisters
happy to use this revised version
‎in field service?
‎When reading a scripture,
‎you can tell that people understand
‎it more quickly;
‎there is less need to explain more.
‎And that’s great.
‎I particularly like the glossary;
‎it’s a kind of mini Insight book.
‎It has been very useful
‎when I study and also in the ministry.
‎Furthermore, I like
‎that at the beginning of the Bible,
‎there are 20 introductions
‎that answer questions
that people in the territory often ask,
‎and they have Bible verses
and very nice illustrations.
‎So they are very clear and practical.
‎To achieve such an awesome result
by revising the New World Translation,
‎which important aspects did
the translators have to keep in mind?
‎Thanks to the modern language
‎that is used in the revision,
‎readers can understand
most Bible passages as they read them,
‎without having to stop
and read them over again.
‎This is possible, in part,
‎because the text
is not cluttered with too many words
‎—trying to copy
the Hebrew syntax and style of expression.
‎Thus, the use of modern language
‎contributes to naturalness and clarity.
‎The language used
‎in the revision also now allows
‎the emotions of the characters
to come through more vividly.
‎You straightaway notice when someone
‎is angry or desperate or sad.
‎Like in Matthew 11,
when Jesus invites us to take his yoke upon us,
‎his warmth is immediately obvious.
‎In the 2003 edition,
‎only one sentence was packed
‎into seven verses,
‎and its length was half a column,
‎making it very cumbersome
to follow the line of thought.
‎In the revised Bible,
this part was cut into more sentences,
‎so it is easier to grasp the idea.
‎Many parents have told us
‎that now when they read the Bible
‎with their children,
‎they don’t have to stop to explain words
‎and the reading is much more enjoyable.
‎The revised New World Translation
will be made available
‎in more languages in the near future.
‎We know that Jehovah wants
all his people to listen
‎as he speaks to them in clear,
understandable language.
‎This will help us
to come to know Jehovah even better,
‎and our love for him
‎will keep growing
‎while we read his Word with joy.